## v2.0.0 (2021-11-11)

This is a major release that contains a few breaking changes described below. Users who are upgrading from previous versions should:

* Swap any uses of the `--user-only` flag for `--no-built-ins`
* Use `regula run --sync --upload` instead of `regula scan`
* Update any tooling that consumes Regula's JSON output to account for the newly-added field

Please see our [docs site](https://regula.dev) for the latest usage information.

### Added
* `--sync` flag to `regula run`. When `--sync` is specified, Regula will fetch custom rules from Fugue.
* `--upload` flag to `regula run`. When `--upload` is specified, Regula will upload rule results to Fugue.
* `--exclude` flag to `regula run`. `--exclude` takes a rule ID or rule name and excludes that rule from the evaluation.
* `--only` flag to `regula run`. `--only` takes a rule ID or rule name and excludes all other rules from the evaluation.
* `rule_raw_result` field to Regula JSON report output. This boolean field indicates the unwaived rule status - `true` if the rule passed before waivers were applied and `false` otherwise.

### Changed
* Renamed `--user-only` flag to `--no-built-ins`

### Removed
* `regula scan` command. The functionality of `regula scan` has been combined into `regula run`.

### Fixed
* `:unneeded is deprecated` warning from brew install (#239 authored by @somaritane)

### Improved
* Regula's Terraform HCL loader. We've gained support for heredoc syntax, better error handling, better function support, and more.